[ All assignment code should be written inside of the 'main.py' file.        ]
[ In VS Code use CTRL + J to open the terminal.                              ]
[ In the terminal type 'python main.py' to execute your code.                ]
[ In the terminal type 'python test.py' to test your code for correctness.   ]

[ Lists : Challenges                                               ]

"A constraint is a rule that tells you what you can or cannot do when solving a problem."
"A requirement is a something that must be handled by the function."
"Hard coding is the process of manually programming something that could be written programmatically."

[1.]    Define a function named 'is_True' with a parameter named 'var'.
        The function should use a conditional to determine if 'var' is equal to True.
        If it is the function returns True
        If it is NOT the function returns False

        Constraints:
            Your function must work for any value of 'var'
            You must use a conditional in the function definition.


[2.]    Define a function named 'is_positive' with a parameter named 'num'.
        Inside the function write a conditional that returns if 'num' is a positive or negative number.
        If 'num' is positive return "POSITIVE"
        If 'num" is negative return "NEGATIVE"



[3.]    Define a function named 'is_even' with a parameter named 'number'.
        Inside the definition write a conditional that returns "EVEN" if 'number' is even, and "ODD" if 'number' is odd.
        If 'number' is even return "EVEN"
        If 'number' is odd return "ODD"



[4.]    Define a function named 'is_divisible' with 2 parameters 'dividend' and 'divisor'.
        In the function definition write a conditional below that returns if the 'dividend' is divisible by the 'divisor'. 
        If 'dividend' is divisible by 'divisor' return a concatenated string --> 'dividend' + " is divisible by " +  'divisor'  
        If 'dividend' is NOT divisible by 'divisor' return a concatenated string --> 'dividend' + " is NOT divisible by " + 'divisor' 

        Constraints:
            The parameters must be written in the order they were provided in this question.
            

[5.]    Define a function named 'stoplight' with a parameter named 'color'.
        'color' will represent one of 3 possible values --> "red", "yellow", or "green".
        In the function definition write a conditional:
        If 'color' is "green" return "GO",
        If 'color' is "yellow" return "CAUTION",
        If 'color' is "red" return "STOP"







def is_bedtime(time):
    '''6. The variable 'time' in the function definition above represents any hour on a 24 hour clock (0-24).

    Write a conditional below that prints out "BEDTIME" if 'time' is after 22, or before 8 inclusive, otherwise
    it prints out "WAKEUP". 

    You must indent 4 spaces to write your code for this question. '''






def is_vowel(letter):
    '''7. The variable 'letter' in the function definition above represents any lowercase alphabetical character. (a-z)

    Write a conditional below that prints out "VOWEL" if the letter is a vowel. Include the character "y" as a vowel.
    If the letter is not a vowel print out "CONSONANT".

    You must indent 4 spaces to write your code for this question. '''







def print_largest(a,b,c):
    '''8. The variables 'a', 'b', and 'c' represent any integer.

    Write a conditional below to determine which of the variables stores the largest value. 
    If 'a' is the largest print "a is the largest"
    If 'b' is the largest print "b is the largest"
    if 'c' is the largest print "c is the largest"
    
    You must indent 4 spaces to write your code for this question. '''




def print_quadrant(x,y):
    '''9. The variable 'x' represents any whole number x-coordinate. The variable 'y' represents any whole number y-coordinate.
    
    Write a conditional that prints out the quadrant that the (x,y) pair appears
    If 'x' is positive and 'y' is positive print out "QI"
    If 'x' is negative and 'y" is positive print out "QII"
    If 'x' is negative and 'y' is negative print out "QIII"
    If 'x' is positive and 'y" is negative print out "QIV"
    Otherwise print "On an axis or at the origin."

    You must indent 4 spaces to write your code for this question.  '''






def calculate(a, b, operation):
    '''10. The variables 'a' and 'b' represent any integer value. 
    The variable 'operation' represents one of 4 string characters: "+", "-", "*","/"

    If 'operation' is "+" print the sum of 'a' and 'b'
    If 'operation' is "-" print the different of 'a' and 'b'
    If 'operation' is "/" print the quotient of 'a' and 'b'
        If 'b' is 0 print "undefined"
    If 'operation' is "*" print the product of 'a' and 'b'
    If 'operation' is not one of the 4  print "SymbolError: Operation Not Supported"

    You must indent 4 spaces to write your code for this question.'''